Intergalactic Transmission - Fix typos (#2572)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/intergalactic-transmission/instructions.md

A parity bit is simple way of detecting transmission errors.
The transmitters and receivers can only transmit and receive _exactly_ eight bits at a time (including the parity bit).

> The parity bit is set so that there is an _even_ number of 1s in each transmission and is always the first bit from the right.

Reviewer: Expressing "number of 1s" as we do for the 0 bits later would probably make this easier to read.  They are each 1 bit, and like we reference the position of the bit and the 0 bits later, we might use the same way of expressing this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The parity bit is set so that there is an _even_ number of 1s in each transmission, and the parity bit is always the first bit from the right.
```

I had to read this sentence a few times.  This would make it clear the first bit from the right is the parity bit, not the even number of 1s.

> The parity bit is set so that there is an _even_ number of 1s in each transmission, and the parity bit is always the first bit from the right.

Author: ```suggestion
The parity bit is set so that there is an _even_ number of 1 bits in each transmission, and the parity bit is always the first bit from the right.
```
